Clarify use system value (#980)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/configuration.md

group: config-ref
---

> This reference has field descriptions for every configuration setting in Magento. To learn how to apply configuration settings to specific store views, see [Configuration Scope]({% link configuration/scope.md %}).  To override the default values of configuration settings, see [Changing Scope]({% link configuration/scope-change.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference provides field descriptions for every configuration setting in the Magento Admin. To learn how to apply configuration settings to specific store views, see [Configuration Scope]({% link configuration/scope.md %}).  To override the default values of configuration settings, see [Changing Scope]({% link configuration/scope-change.md %}).
```
